Complete profile:
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/59518b28cd0f684eae15259e/t/5b415ca5352f532eeaa39083/1531010213704/yk_sugi_resume.pdf


Lifion:


Intern:

auth

Migration scripts-
 I was responsible for creating Migration scripts in javascript for existing clients .

BE:

Job-keeper( feature dated events):

Designed new architecture of Lifion development platform’s jobs-keeper component. 
• Implemented highly auto-scalable job-executer service with multiple pods .
• Achieved a 10 fold increase in processing capability and 5 folds increase in job frequency on scheduled jobs.
 • Designed and developed reactor microservices for Lifion Business Events end to end.


AUTOCANNON - benchmark

Worked on getting current performance by benchmarking the endpoints in our services using tools.

Succesful in getting benchmarks of the endpoints in our services using tools.


sharding initiative:  
Worked on sharding initiative and I was Responsible for  implementing sharding of databases  in production.


Branch TEST TILE -
 To make job easier for LD’S to test feature , I created a test tile on UI
Responsible for creating an internal testing tool that is now used by LD’s to test and view the results of internal features.

Memory leaks : 
I was responsible for finding the cause behind Kubernetes pod restarts and solved them.(out of memory)
identified memory leaks in our services using various resources like node clinic, kibana logs, data dog metrics and fixed them.
optimised code of our services and Addressed memory issues.


Db-instance:

I was responsible for choosing the right RDS instance type for our services in  higher environments considering various aspects such as maximum db connections required , cost aspect, CPU, Memory, supporting Mysql versions..

Re-arc - Kafka
Worked on re-designing the architecture and was successful in achieving high throughput 


Mm2 = DR KAFKA

Terraform …: 
Responsible for creating kafka clusters  via terraform by adopting few ask modules.

